Privacy Policy
Last updated: 9 Apr, 2018

Relaxio s.r.o. (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with our Terms Of Use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which we may process any personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. Please read the policy carefully. By using our Software ("Apps") you are agreeing with the terms of this policy. If you do not agree with this policy please do not use our Apps.

What Information Do We Collect And How Is It Used?
           Some information about you we collect passively - information that your phone send automatically while you use our Apps. Other information we actively solicit, such as your email address when you write us an email.

ANALYTICS
           We use Google Analytics to collect the usage data, optimize user experience and make the app better. Collected information are anonymized and merged from thousands of users. We do not collect original user generated content. The collected information includes, but is not limited to, device state information, unique device identifiers, device hardware and OS information, IP Addresses and information relating to how application functions. For information regarding how Google uses data please visit How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps

CRASH REPORTING
We may use Firebase Crash Reporting to collect Crash data through your use of our Software. We use Crash Data to identify problems in our Apps and to make our Apps better and more stable. The collected information includes Crash Traces, device state information, unique device identifiers, device hardware and OS information, IP Addresses and information relating to how application functions.

ADVERTISING
We use AdSense advertising and AdMob advertising in our apps where it may use an anonymous identifier, a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie on platforms including certain mobile devices, where cookie technology is not available. AdSense and AdMob are advertising services provided by Google Inc through which third parties may be using cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information and usage data as a result of ad serving. We do not use AdMob's optional GPS/location-based ad targeting.

Google may use the information that it obtains via the third party cookies, web beacons, and other technologies used in connection with AdMob and AdSense in accordance with its advertising Privacy Policies.

FEEDBACK
We encourage you to provide us with feedback in the form of emails. When you email us we may keep a record of any correspondence between you and us. We maintain the anonymity and privacy of your message.

WHERE WE STORE YOUR DATA
Information is retained on Content Delivery Networks and therefore may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the EEA. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.

CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. You should check this page from time to time and take note of any changes.

CONTACT US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed. Please contact us by email at hello.relaxio@gmail.com. hello.relaxio@gmail.com