LAST UPDATED: OCTOBER 3, 2017
Summary
This privacy policy, with our “Terms of Service & License Agreement”, is the agreement between you and us that explains what data we collect, how we store and transfer it, and how we use it. We encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully when using our application or services. By using our application or other online services, you are accepting this privacy policy.

When we post changes to this privacy policy, we will revise the “last updated” date on the top of this privacy policy. We encourage you to review this privacy policy periodically.

Why do we collect data?
We collect, store and use your data in order to operate our business and to provide our products and services to you.

We may use information we collect about you to:

Deliver, improve, debug, and maintain our products and services, including future products and services
Study and personalize user experiences
Perform analysis about your use of, or interest in, our or others’ products, services, or content, including mobile analytics
Develop, display, and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on our service and other sites, including providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites
Fulfill legal requirements
Conduct business analysis and research, and marketing campaigns
Ensure better security and fraud protection
Perform functions or services described to you at the time of collection
We may also use your information regarding updates, upgrades, enhancements, surveys, recommendations and/or advertisements, if we believe these are relevant for you.

What data do  we collect?
In normal browsing mode, the Cake browser may store your browsing history (URLs of pages that you visit, your IP address, a cache of text, images and other resources from those pages) on your local device, in an anonymous fashion that is not tied to your identity. The Cake browser gives you the option to store on your local device in an encrypted fashion your usernames and passwords (to help fill out forms or sign in to sites you visit). The Cake browser also stores on your local device a list of permissions you have granted to sites, cookies or data from sites you visit, and a record of what you downloaded from websites. We may collect browsing information (URLs of pages visited and IP addresses) in an anonymous fashion that is not tied to your identity. When you are in Privacy Mode, Cake does not collect your anonymous browsing history information and deletes any cookies or other downloaded information when you close any tabs that were opened in Privacy Mode. See “How Does Cake Privacy Mode Work” below for more information.

You can manage your information in the Cake browser. At any time, you can delete your browsing history (URLs of pages that you visit, a cache of text, images and other resources from those pages) and remove any cookies or other site data stored on your device.

“Personal Information” means individually identifiable information that would allow us to determine the actual identity of and contact, a specific living person. We may collect Personal Information in the future through our services and products. We may also collect your geo-location information in the future, but with your consent.

How do we collect data?
Generally, we collect data:

When you provide it to us; for example, when you submit a form on our applications
When you install and run our products or use our services, we use various technologies to collect information from your device and about your activities using our services
When third parties share information with us
Some products may require your Personal Information to function properly. You don't have to grant any app permissions to us in order to use the Cake browser. We may ask for app permissions (for example, we may ask to send you push notifications or for location information) in order to enhance your experience, but you can choose whether or not to grant those permissions.

When we collect your data, we associate it with a unique ID and a unique device ID that are generated when you install a Cake product or begin using our services. These identifiers are anonymized. Analytics companies use unique IDs to track information about app usage.

We use advertising IDs such as Apple’s Advertising Identifier. Unlike cookies, these IDs cannot be deleted, but advertising IDs can be reset in “Settings” on your iOS device. Ad companies also use advertising IDs to track your use of the app, track the number of ads displayed, measure ad performance and display ads that are relevant to you.

We may allow service providers, advertising companies and ad networks, and other third parties to display advertisements on our service. These companies may use tracking technologies to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. Some of these third-party advertising companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies (www.networkadvertising.org). Opting out will not decrease the number of advertisements you see. To opt-out of cookies that may be set by third party data or advertising partners, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.

This privacy policy does not cover third-party apps and services you access and use through our products and services, nor does it cover links to other websites. We do not control the privacy and security practices and policies of these third parties and their sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of the third-party apps and websites you use. We are not responsible for security practices and policies of third party apps and sites and you agree to release and waive any claim against us as a result of your use of third party apps and sites.

How does Cake’s Privacy Mode work?
When you use Cakes Privacy Mode, the Cake browser ignores your existing cookies and does not record your browsing history. When you close any tabs that were opened in Privacy Mode, any cookies generated as well as any web page, text or pictures viewed in Privacy Mode are deleted from your device. It is important to understand that using Privacy Mode does not hide your browsing activities from your internet service provider or from your employer (if you are using their network).

How do we protect your data?
While we will take commercially reasonable security measures to help safeguard your Personal Information from unauthorized access and disclosure, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to protect your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your information (including Personal Information) will always remain secure. Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their Personal Information. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission's website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.

Our commitment to your privacy does not extend to third-party products and services you may access from Cake products and services. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of the third-party products and services you use. You use any third-party products and services at your own risk. You further waive and release us from any claim arising from your use of third-party products and services.

How do we share your data?
We may use and share non-Personal Information to the extent allowed by law. If we collect Personal Information, we will not provide non-masked or non-obscured Personal Information to third parties, except:

To government bodies and law enforcement agencies to comply with the law, for example in judicial proceedings, by court order or other legal process
To third parties (including professional advisors) to enforce or defend our legal rights, including our terms and conditions, and investigate violations thereof
To a third-party purchaser or seller (including professional advisors) in connection with a corporate event such as a merger, business acquisition or insolvency situation
To any person as required by law
As described elsewhere in this statement
We may use any information internally for the reasons set forth under “Why Do We Collect Data” above. We also may share aggregated, non-personal information with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis, advertising, marketing, or other business purposes.

What else should I know?
  We keep your information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable legal requirements. If you cease usage of the Cake browser, we will retain certain data for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, enforce our “Terms of Service & License Agreement”, take actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our service, or take other actions otherwise permitted by law. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties policies.

Onward transfer and consent to international processing
We are a growing corporation with users and operations in multiple countries, including the European Union. We have developed data practices designed to assure information is appropriately protected but we cannot always know where information may be accessed or processed. While our primary data centers are in the United States, we may transfer Personal Information or other information to locations outside of the United States. In addition, we may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf outside of the United States, and we will seek commercially reasonable assurances that any information we may provide to them is safeguarded adequately and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the requirements of applicable privacy laws.

If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal data by us from your region to countries which do not have data protection laws that provide the same level of protection that exists in countries in the European Economic Area, including the United States. By providing your information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.

CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this statement or any privacy issues regarding Cake and our products or services, we can be reached at:

Cake Technologies, Inc.
1 E. Center St., Suite 210
Provo, UT 84606