- TouchPal Privacy Policy -
This privacy policy is provided by Shanghai ChuLe (CooTek) Information Technology Co., Ltd. ("We") and applies to TouchPal Keyboard, including our mobile apps and other various cloud-based services. It is very important for you to understand what kind of data we collect and how we use them. To provide you better keyboard experience, we collect data on the way you interact with TouchPal Keyboard and data on the performance of TouchPal Keyboard. We take your privacy and data security seriously. We put forth a lot of effort to keep the data that we collect as safe as possible and use them in a proper way.

1. Data and Usage
Here is some information about what kind of data that we collect or record at the way you interact with our application.

Data that we collect or record:
We will collect information concerning the words and phrases that you input (e.g. an input sequence, the application's name which TouchPal Keyboard is applied in, a selected candidate word/phrase, words/phrases added to the dictionary) and import them into your own user dictionary. We will learn and collect your own wording from your input text messages (SMS or MMS), to help us provide you a faster and more precise prediction (including the popup smiley prediction). We will collect and import your contact names into your own user dictionary, so that you can type your contact names faster. We will collect your SMS and the content published on Twitter and Facebook for customized prediction, and we just collect such information or content for learning purpose and it will not be uploaded to our server. We will collect your voice information such that you can use the voice input function. For using the AR Emoji function, we will recognize your face expression. Your face expression will not be uploaded to our server.

We will collect the way you use TouchPal Keyboard (e.g. how often you use each keyboard layout, a status of other similar product that you have installed, how often you use each function inside TouchPal Keyboard). We will collect your device type information (e.g. IMEI, MAC, Android ID, device manufacture, device model, screen resolution), so that we can provide you a product more suitable with your phone by activating each mobile. Such activation information may be uploaded to the server. For the clarification purpose, we will not collect IMEI if the version of TouchPal Keyboard used by you does not need to collect such information.

We will collect location information (e.g. Locale data, IP data, GPS information) to assist us to orientate the region or country that you are located. Then we can improve the prediction with different trends words according to different location, and to provide you with relevant location-based services, such as local weather information and POI (point of interest) and personalized contents and services. We will also collect your usage information of relevant apps on your mobile phone, so that we can optimize the use experience of TouchPal Keyboard.

We will record your email address after your feedback is sent through your email address. For using TouchPal Keyboard, you need to register a TouchPal ID through your Google ID, Facebook ID, Twitter ID or your email address, and your TouchPal ID may be recorded in our server. We will collect information that you have allowed these platforms to provide to third parties. You are able to purchase goods or services inside TouchPal Keyboard. For those purchases completed by a third service, e.g. Google Play Billing, only trading statuses may be recorded.

For using the smart reply function of TouchPal Keyboard, you shall grant us accessibility commission, and we will access and collect your input text messages from certain chat applications. We will learn and access the information you clipped or copied from your clipboard in order that we can extract useful information for you to achieve the quick copy paste function of TouchPal Keyboard.

Personalized Ads and Third-party Partners:
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones and to protect ourselves and our users. We also use this information to offer you personalized ads.

We also have relevant third-party partners who offer you personalized ads. You can click here to know all such third-party partners name and their respective privacy policy and partner list (if any). These third-party partners will collect, use, store, share or other process (collectively “Process”) your personal information solely for the purpose of providing you personalized ads. If you dont agree on such third-party partners privacy policy or are unwilling them to Process your personal information, please do not agree or accept this TouchPal Privacy Policy.

If you want to stop receiving personalized ads, you can go to “Settings” of TouchPal Keyboard, once you chose not to receive personalized ads, we and our third-party partners will stop sending personalized ads to you. Please note that the number of ads you see wont change, but they may be less relevant to you.

Data that we do not collect:
We will not collect or record your pin code entered in a password field, or your credit card entered in a secure text filed for whatever reason.

We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy.

2. Data Transfer, Storage and Disclosure
Transfer
If you log in your TouchPal ID, your user dictionary is periodically transferred over encrypted channel to our servers. For those VIP users, your user dictionary may be stored in the server automatically, so that you are able to synchronous your own user dictionary whenever and wherever you need. All data transferred by us between your device and our services is encrypted.

Storage
All TouchPal Keyboard user information stored is fully encrypted and governed by applicable privacy protection laws. For providing a better service to you, we will permanently store your information unless you notify us to delete according to this Privacy Policy.

Disclosure
Except as otherwise specified herein, we will not disclose your personal information or any other data that we collected or recorded to any third party unless you have consented to such disclosure or where we are required to do so by law.

3. Access and Usage
We may need a network access to detect whether your device is online and what kind of network is connected. In an online situation, a version test is preformed to detect whether it is the latest version and the latest popular words may be updated to your dictionary. You may also access to our product store and may download different language packs or curve data packages from the server.

We may need a run-at-startup access. Once startup, a version/dictionary test may be carried on and contact names may be imported into your own user dictionary. We may need a vibration-control access to realize a vibration by pressing each button in TouchPal Keyboard, to provide a better user experience.

We may need an access to install or uninstall shortcuts on the desktop of the device. We may store auxiliary files related with TouchPal Keyboard on your SD card and read them from your SD card. We promise that we will not obtain other information unrelated with TouchPal Keyboard from your SD card.

4. For the First installation
TouchPal Keyboard provides a smart prediction technology by learning the way you input. Upon the first installation, an access to your SMS/MMS message is required to establish a base for your personalized language model.

5. Policy Changes
Changes in this policy will be posted on our Websites. You are advised to check our Websites regularly to view our most recent privacy policy. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by sending an email to privacy@touchpal.com.

Back to homepage